>> Brian Holt: I wanna to show you
a problem with what we have right now.
So if I come in here to ShowCard.jsx and
I change this to be, I don't know,
I'll put another thing in here,
>> Brian Holt: Something different.
So I have changed ShowCard, and
I have not changed search.jsx, right?
If I run test again, what's gonna happen?
>> Brian Holt: Let's do it, yarn test.
>> Brian Holt: I failed my test.
So something going wrong in ShowCard
is failing my search component test.
Now some people say that's fine.
I don't care, I just want something to
fail, and that can be your opinion.
It's wrong, but that can be your opinion.
Just kidding, I mean maybe.
I think it's wrong, but
my problem with this is that if there's
nothing wrong with Search I
don't want Search to fail.
I want ShowCard to fail.
I want the test for ShowCard to fail so
that I immediately have to go and
check out ShowCard.
So let's bring in a library that's
actually going to allow us to do that.
>> Brian Holt: In fact
I'm gonna leave this for
now an we'll fix it here in just a second.
[COUGH] So
I'll come back to search.spec.jsx,
>> Brian Holt: And
we are going to import
a library called enzyme.
So import, shallow,
from enzyme.
>> Brian Holt: And
we're gonna modify this a little bit and
we're also going to drop renderer.
>> Brian Holt: Cuz enzyme is actually
going to use renderer underneath the hood
so we don't actually have
to import it directly,
in fact you can't import it directly.
You can't have renderer and
enzyme in the same import.
So what we're gonna do
here is we're going to,
instead of doing renderer.create,
we're gonna do shallow.
>> Brian Holt: And then we can
actually just do this directly.
So expect component to match snapshot.
>> Brian Holt: So what enzyme is
the wrapper on top of React Test Renderer?
But it's gonna do certain things for us.
One of the things that it's going
to address the problem that I
just showed you.
It's actually going to stub out all
of the children components, right?
So, for example, we have ShowCard, right?
It's going to not actually go down and
render everything in ShowCard.
It's just going to say a show card was
rendered here with these props, and
then it doesn't actually dive
down into that child component.
So, what's awesome about that is it stops
caring what's happening in ShowCard, and
it will only fail things in Search when
something in Search is actually wrong.
This is still not gonna work yet,
we have to do one more thing.
Save that, go to package.json,
and we need to tell,
you can put this anywhere, wherever.
We have to give this
a jest top level property,
>> Brian Holt: We have to tell jest how to
snapshot enzyme components.
So what we're gonna do
here is we're gonna say
snapshotSerializers,
>> Brian Holt: Which
is gonna be an array because you could
have multiple kinds of serializers, but
we'll just have one.
It's gonna be jest-serializer-enzyme.
>> Brian Holt: So again, what this
is doing, this is telling jest hey,
whenever you encounter an enzyme
component, this is how you serialize it.
It's giving it code to know how to
serialize that into a snapshot.
Does that make sense?
>> Brian Holt: Okay, cool.
So, go back to your search.spec.jsx,
and now save it.
>> Brian Holt: And come back and
run yarn test again.
>> Brian Holt: And now it's gonna fail
again because now it has the enzyme output
and not the previous output.
But this is what the enzyme
output looks like.
Notice that it was actually going down
like rendering The Game Of Thrones,
all of the markup inside of ShowCard.
Now it just says I'm getting a ShowCard,
here's the props passed in.
I don't know anything else about it,
right?
>> Brian Holt: Does that make sense?
So let's go ahead and
run yarn test:update, so
then we can actually just go in and
look at the snapshot, okay?
So we updated that, and
let's go look at the snap, .snap.
So again, look in here.
Rather than actually outputting
the markup for ShowCard,
it's just actually giving you
a React-looking component.
>> Brian Holt: Make sense?
>> Brian Holt: Pretty cool,
I think, right?
So now, even though that we're
messing around with ShowCard in here,
so I can go back and delete this.
Save it, and try running this again and
update, just test.
>> Brian Holt: It'll still passes by the
fact that I'm changing things in ShowCard.
You have a question?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, Doug's asking,
with the test and test update scripts,
does that automatically
set the environment in v?
>> Brian Holt: It must be.
>> Brian Holt: I had not thought of that.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, I wonder if jest,
let's actually look.
I have no idea.
So if you look at my notes, I actually
have in there setting the node end.
But if we go to spec.jsx,
>> Brian Holt: process.env.NODE_ENV.
So let's try running that.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, check that out,
it actually sets the NODE_EMV for you.
Who knew?
I did not know that, today I learned.
>> Brian Holt: That is pure,
fortunate happenstance.
[LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: So
the way that you would handle that in
here,
>> Brian Holt: So
you could say node env equals test jest,
right?
And you can change this to be whatever
you want, it's like production for
your server or whatever.
>> Brian Holt: This is okay if you're
using it just for yourself and
you're sure that everyone
using it is bash.
This is not going to work across shells,
right?
So there's a tool called crossenv
which I don't remember the API for it.
It looks like this.
>> Brian Holt: And
then you provide it like,
I think it looks something like that.
It's another node package
that you would install
that will take care of all those
various different shells to cover.
So if you need to be setting
your environment across shells,
this is how you do it.
Enzymes are super cool too, tool.
There's an interesting
thread on the GitHub for
React that they considered making it
the official testing speed of React.
And they ended up not doing it but
they said like internal ad Facebook they
actually do use enzyme for
all their testing.
The only reason they don't make it
official is they thought it might stunt
like the innovation happening
around testing in React, so.
Nonetheless pretty much any company that's
testing React is probably using enzyme.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
let's go back and look at spec.jsx here.
Enzyme has several layers of rendering.
The one that you want to be using
as much as possible is shallow.
You can see that our test is pretty zippy,
right?
It's not doing anything particularly crazy
cuz it's not actually creating some sort
of fake DOM or anything like that.
It's just rendering up the component and
testing against the markup
that's being rendered there.
If you need to go deeper,
there's another one called render, and
if you wanna go deeper than
that there's one called static.
You don't have to bring those in, I'm
just showing you that they're available.
Render is actually going to emulate a DOM.
With like JS DOM, right?
But if you've ever tested with
JS DOM before, it's real slow.
It's gonna greatly slow down your tests,
right?
And a fast test speed is a happy
test speed in my opinion.
Static is actually going to bring in
cheerio, if you're familiar with cheerio.
It's an awesome library for like doing DOM
exploring in any node-like environment, so
you can actually fetch a page using Ajax
in your server and pull stuff off of it.
So if you wanna do web scraping,
cheerio is a really great way to do it.
So that's what static does is it uses
cheerio to explore your React component,
and those are also available to you.
>> Brian Holt: But again, both static and
render are much slower than shallow.
Shallow is pretty fast, so
stick to shallow where possible.